Add TypeScript Guides (#6454)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/50 React Components/70 TypeScript Support/10 Kinds of Types/05 Event Objects.md

Each component has event types that define arguments for handling events. Naming convention is the following: the argument type of the `contentReady` event handler is `ContentReadyEvent`.

Event types are based on common parts:

    export type AppointmentClickEvent = Cancelable & NativeEventInfo<dxScheduler, KeyboardEvent | MouseEvent | PointerEvent> & TargetedAppointmentInfo & {
        readonly appointmentElement: DxElement;
    };

### Common Event Parts

> Events are union types built from common and specific parts:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Events are [intersection types](https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/2/objects.html#intersection-types) built up from common and specific parts:
```

    export type AppointmentTooltipShowingEvent = Cancelable & EventInfo<dxScheduler> & {
        readonly targetElement: DxElement;
        readonly appointments: AppointmentTooltipShowingAppointmentInfo[];

>     };

Reviewer: Without example of howto read read understand types it's a bit pointless

> AppointmentTooltipShowing event object is common synthetic event object, because it’s based on EventInfo, that can be canceled ad has two specific fields: targetElement and appointments

>CellContextMenu event object is common native event object, cause it’s based on NativeEventInfo. It can’t be canceled, native event can be one of the following: MouseEvent | PointerEvent | TouchEvent. There are two specific fields as well: cellData and cellElement.

    export type CellContextMenuEvent = NativeEventInfo<dxScheduler, MouseEvent | PointerEvent | TouchEvent> & {
        readonly cellData: any;
        readonly cellElement: DxElement;
    };

> ### EventInfo and NativeEventInfo

Reviewer: It's a sub-paragrpah of the Common Event Parts section
